README.md, before:

# electron-installer-dmg [![CI status][actions_img]][actions_url] [![npm][npm_img]][npm_url]

> Create DMG installers for your electron apps using [appdmg][appdmg].

## Installation

**For use in npm scripts:**
```bash
npm i electron-installer-dmg --save-dev
```

**For use from cli:**
```bash
npm i electron-installer-dmg -g
```

## Usage

```
Usage: electron-installer-dmg <path/to/.app> <appname>

Create DMG installers for your electron apps.

Usage:
  electron-installer-dmg ./FooBar-darwin-x64/FooBar.app FooBar

Options:
  --out=<path>         The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].
  --icon=<path>        Path to the icon file that will be the app icon in the DMG window.
  --icon-size=<px>     How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].
  --background=<path>  Path to a PNG image to use as the background of the DMG. [Size: 658 x 498]
  --title=<string>     The title of the produced DMG, which will be shown when mounted.
  --debug              Enable debug messages.
  --overwrite          Overwrite any existing DMG.
  -h --help            Show this screen.
  --version            Show version.
```

### API

```javascript
const createDMG = require('electron-installer-dmg');

async function buildDMG() {
  await createDMG({
    appPath: '/path/to/app.app',
    name: 'MyApp'
  });
}
```
#### createDMG(opts, callback)

##### `opts`

`appPath` - *String* - **Required**
The `.app` directory generated by [electron-packager][electron-packager].

`name` - *String* - **Required**
The application name.

`title` - *String*
The title of the produced DMG, which will be shown when mounted.

`background` - *String*
Path to the background for the DMG window. Background image should be of size 658 × 498.

`icon` - *String*
Path to the icon to use for the app in the DMG window.

`overwrite` - *Boolean*
Overwrite an existing DMG file if if already exists.

`debug` - *Boolean*
Enable debug message output.

`out` - *String*
The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].

`iconSize` - *Number*
How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].

`contents` - *Array* or *Function* that returns an Array of objects.
The content that will appear in the window when user opens the `.dmg` file.
[Default: Array of two icons, application and application destination folder].
Array example:
```javascript
[ { x: 448, y: 344, type: 'link', path: '/Applications'},
  { x: 192, y: 344, type: 'file', path: '/path/to/application.app'} ]
```
Function example (more flexible for getting useful options used in creating a DMG):
```javascript
function (opts) {
   return [ { x: 448, y: 344, type: 'link', path: '/Applications'},
            { x: 192, y: 344, type: 'file', path: opts.appPath} ];
}
```

`format` - *String*
Disk image format. [Default: `UDZO`].

[Must be one of the following][spec]:

- `UDRW` :arrow_right: read/write image
- `UDRO` :arrow_right: read-only image
- `UDCO` :arrow_right: ADC-compressed image
- `UDZO` :arrow_right: zlib-compressed image
- `UDBZ` :arrow_right: bzip2-compressed image
- `ULFO` :arrow_right: lzfse-compressed image (macOS 10.11+ only)

`additionalDMGOptions` - *Object*
Additional options to pass through to [`appdmg`](https://npm.im/appdmg)

You can use this to set additional features like `background-color` and
`code-sign`.  See the docs of the `appdmg` module for all possible options.

## License

Apache 2.0

[actions_img]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-installer-dmg/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
[actions_url]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-installer-dmg/actions/workflows/ci.yml
[npm_img]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-installer-dmg.svg
[npm_url]: https://npm.im/electron-installer-dmg
[electron-packager]: https://github.com/electron/electron-packager
[appdmg]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg
[spec]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg#specification

Commit message:

feat!: require Node 12 (LTS)
BREAKING CHANGE: Drop support for Node < 12.13.0

README.md, after:

# electron-installer-dmg [![CI status][actions_img]][actions_url] [![npm][npm_img]][npm_url]

> Create DMG installers for your electron apps using [appdmg][appdmg].

## Requirements

This module requires using macOS and Node 12 (LTS) or above.

## Installation

**For use in npm scripts:**
```bash
npm i electron-installer-dmg --save-dev
```

**For use from cli:**
```bash
npm i electron-installer-dmg -g
```

## Usage

```
Usage: electron-installer-dmg <path/to/.app> <appname>

Create DMG installers for your electron apps.

Usage:
  electron-installer-dmg ./FooBar-darwin-x64/FooBar.app FooBar

Options:
  --out=<path>         The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].
  --icon=<path>        Path to the icon file that will be the app icon in the DMG window.
  --icon-size=<px>     How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].
  --background=<path>  Path to a PNG image to use as the background of the DMG. [Size: 658 x 498]
  --title=<string>     The title of the produced DMG, which will be shown when mounted.
  --debug              Enable debug messages.
  --overwrite          Overwrite any existing DMG.
  -h --help            Show this screen.
  --version            Show version.
```

### API

```javascript
const createDMG = require('electron-installer-dmg');

async function buildDMG() {
  await createDMG({
    appPath: '/path/to/app.app',
    name: 'MyApp'
  });
}
```
#### createDMG(opts, callback)

##### `opts`

`appPath` - *String* - **Required**
The `.app` directory generated by [electron-packager][electron-packager].

`name` - *String* - **Required**
The application name.

`title` - *String*
The title of the produced DMG, which will be shown when mounted.

`background` - *String*
Path to the background for the DMG window. Background image should be of size 658 × 498.

`icon` - *String*
Path to the icon to use for the app in the DMG window.

`overwrite` - *Boolean*
Overwrite an existing DMG file if if already exists.

`debug` - *Boolean*
Enable debug message output.

`out` - *String*
The directory to put the DMG into. [Default: `process.cwd()`].

`iconSize` - *Number*
How big to make the icon for the app in the DMG. [Default: `80`].

`contents` - *Array* or *Function* that returns an Array of objects.
The content that will appear in the window when user opens the `.dmg` file.
[Default: Array of two icons, application and application destination folder].
Array example:
```javascript
[ { x: 448, y: 344, type: 'link', path: '/Applications'},
  { x: 192, y: 344, type: 'file', path: '/path/to/application.app'} ]
```
Function example (more flexible for getting useful options used in creating a DMG):
```javascript
function (opts) {
   return [ { x: 448, y: 344, type: 'link', path: '/Applications'},
            { x: 192, y: 344, type: 'file', path: opts.appPath} ];
}
```

`format` - *String*
Disk image format. [Default: `UDZO`].

[Must be one of the following][spec]:

- `UDRW` :arrow_right: read/write image
- `UDRO` :arrow_right: read-only image
- `UDCO` :arrow_right: ADC-compressed image
- `UDZO` :arrow_right: zlib-compressed image
- `UDBZ` :arrow_right: bzip2-compressed image
- `ULFO` :arrow_right: lzfse-compressed image (macOS 10.11+ only)

`additionalDMGOptions` - *Object*
Additional options to pass through to [`appdmg`](https://npm.im/appdmg)

You can use this to set additional features like `background-color` and
`code-sign`.  See the docs of the `appdmg` module for all possible options.

## License

Apache 2.0

[actions_img]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-installer-dmg/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
[actions_url]: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-installer-dmg/actions/workflows/ci.yml
[npm_img]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-installer-dmg.svg
[npm_url]: https://npm.im/electron-installer-dmg
[electron-packager]: https://github.com/electron/electron-packager
[appdmg]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg
[spec]: https://github.com/LinusU/node-appdmg#specification
